how does yoga help relieve stress our
bodies naturally produce a hormone
called cortisol when we are stressed and
through meditation you can help
naturally lower that hormone level
helping us become less stressed through
our yoga practice we can apply pressure
to certain points of the body and help
relieve tension directly when you attend
a yoga class there's often cued or
guided breaths work from the yoga
instructor helps you take time to ease
your mind focus on something else other
than what you're worrying about
what does teaching yoga mean to me going
through the certification process I
learned a lot about myself and the truth
behind the yoga I am now able to share
this truth with others help reaching a
sense of feeling whole and connected not
only through your yoga practice but
taking that with you outside of your
practice into your everyday life
teaching yoga gives me the opportunity
to be creative and put thought into the
sequence of postures and how this is
going to affect someone else something
important that I learned is that
everyone is completely different and you
can't structure a sequence for one type
of person you have to accommodate to
everybody and it is so important to
embrace your unique self
what got me interested in yoga
originally I was a dancer and we
stretched a lot in class and to the
point where I have hurt myself one of
the most important things that I have
learned in yoga is that you should never
feel pain if you're feeling pain you're
doing something wrong and so I have
shifted perspectives here and taken my
passion for dancing and taken yoga in
place of that because yoga helps me
relieve stress it helps me with my
anxiety and helps me with depression by
doing yoga you're taking that time for
yourself to help make yourself a better
person doing whatever you need because
no one knows what you need more than
yourself
what does yoga mean to me to me yoga
brings a sense of connection between
your mind and your body allowing your
physical body to connect with your
mental body embracing your spiritual
body together helping you feel holistic
you